Mr. Guo
Why, you lied to me when you had something to say?
Is this the one who sent the lady off?
Hello, I’m thinking of Mr. Guo
Bai Ming said he mentioned it first
The person you are looking for is this young lady, right?
Now that the person you are looking for has been found
Then can I take you away?
What did you say? Then talk to Mr. Guo
I am your biological mother after all
I want to take her away
And the person you are looking for has been found, so you can regain your self-confidence.
You are you, he is lonely, lonely, lonely
Who did he lose him to?
You, you were raised by me
Baoda notices that the child who is several months old will be taken care of now
Where would he be without me?
What kind of person do you think I am?
I'll leave again